Add link to ease iOS certification renewal. (#785)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/mobile/push-notifications/service.md

    ![image](/img/mobile/proxy-config.png)

> In the [mattermost-push-proxy project](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy/tree/master/cmd/renew_apple_cert) exist some scripts to ease the process involved for updating the iOS notification certificates. Please check the README.md for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [mattermost-push-proxy project](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy/tree/master/cmd/renew_apple_cert) there are some scripts to ease the process involved for updating the iOS notification certificates. Please check the README.md for further details.
```
